Kafka Replicator Source & Quix Environment Source (#448)
quixio/quix-streams: docs/connectors/sources/kafka-source.md

# Kafka Replicator Source

A source that reads data from a Kafka topic and produce it to another Kafka topic. The two topics can be located on different Kafka clusters.

This source supports exactly-once guarantees.

## How to use the Kafka Replicator Source

To use a Kafka Replicator source, you need to create an instance of `KafkaReplicatorSource` and pass it to the `app.dataframe()` method.

```python
from quixstreams import Application
from quixstreams.sources import KafkaReplicatorSource

def main():
  app = Application()
  source = KafkaReplicatorSource(
    name="my-source",
    app_config=app.config,
    topic="source-topic",
    broker_address="source-broker-address"
  )

  sdf = app.dataframe(source=source)
  sdf.print(metadata=True)

  app.run(sdf)

if __name__ == "__main__":
  main()
```

## Topic

> The Kafka Replicator source only deal with bytes. It read the remote keys and values as bytes and produce them directly as bytes. You can configure the key and value deserializer used by the Streaming Dataframe with the `key_deserializer` and `value_deserializer` paramaters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kafka Replicator source only deals with bytes. It reads the remote keys and values as bytes and produces them directly as bytes.  
You can configure the key and value deserializer used by the Streaming Dataframe with the `key_deserializer` and `value_deserializer` paramaters.
```
